From: "Jeremy Bishop" <jbishop@lernerbooks.com> [Save Address] [Block Sender] [This Is Spam]  
To:  "'old man'" <erickinsella@lycos.com> 
CC:   
Subject:   
Date:  Fri, 9 Jul 2004 14:51:32 -0500 


...and here's the rest for now.
 
The Asshole:  This story is almost completely different in my mind now, but this was the complete rough draft 
I wrote in less than an hour.  I just sat down and spat it out onto the page so I could go back later and 
adjust it.  Some of the concepts are the same in the follow-up, which has yet to be written.  One of the 
changes I'm toying with is making the narrator and the asshole the same person, only you as the reader won't 
figure that out right away.  This is proving more difficult than I'd hoped and I kind of shelved it for the 
time being, I'll get back to it eventually.  
 
For Molly:  The crappy screenplay I'm trying to write.  Everyone's trying to write a crappy screenplay, right?  
Anyway, here's the first 31 pages, unedited.  I kept trying to write scenes, and that just wasn't working for me.  
So for three days I spent two hours a night banging out this, then I just stopped (actually I went to the 
bar the next night and broke my rhythm).  Things happened in this that I didn't see coming at all, and the story 
kind of moved itself forward.  I have the beginning, middle and end firmly in my mind.  This goes about a quarter 
of the way through the story I want to tell, but a lot of the middle ground is unplotted so it's hard to sometimes 
stay on course.  I have to be careful not to veer to much, otherwise I won't make it to the points I need to make 
with it.
 
The Couch:  This is a story I had a while ago, but it had no point.  So I gave it one, using an incident from 
my own life.  Actually, most everything in this story is about me, just not the way it is told in the story.  
I did spend the first six months sleeping on my couch, but not because I had my cat put down.  And I did spend 
a night at my place with a blackout, and I listened to everything turn back on, but it was Pete and Steph that 
dropped me off, not Cameron and Abby.  And I did eventually go into my bedroom and lay down on my bed, setting 
my alarm for the first time, but it wasn't the night of the blackout.  Go figure.
 
TheCoreEnd and CoreAlternateEnd:  For some reason I am obsessed with the movie The Core.  Not even really the 
movie, just the end and what happens after the movie is finished.  I actually rented this on the hotel TV when 
we were in Germany.  Apparently, when you rent one movie, you get the whole pay-per-view package, 
because Schwartzy and I also watched some German industrial porn that came with our purchase.  There were 
smokestacks, lights flashing on and off, and a naked man wearing red paint with devil horns sticking his tongue out, 
all the while Ministry or some such band played in the background.  Excellent.
 
There you go, more than enough to read over the weekend.  Feel free to put any of these up on the site.  This will 
motivate me to finish them faster as some of them are embarrassingly bad.  Have a good weekend, I'll work on a 
couple of sketches and have them for you to scan next weekend.
 
seacrest out.