From: "Jeremy Bishop" <jbishop@lernerbooks.com> [Save Address] [Block Sender] [This Is Spam]  
To:  "'old man'" <erickinsella@lycos.com> 
CC:   
Subject:   
Date:  Fri, 9 Jul 2004 14:36:17 -0500 


Here's the first round of stories.  you get nothing, and then all at once.  here are brief descriptions of each:
 
Mr. C------- : This was a story I did for a writing class at the open book.  It doesn't really have a point 
beyond my irrational hatred of scientologists and the character of Mr. C------- taking up needed space in my mind.
  I write more about him from time to time, just to get him out.  He's kind of everything extreme inside of me.  
He's my Ignatius J. Reilly, a character you hate but also can't seem to get enough of.  I pretty much wrote this 
one straight through and left it at that, I haven't really come back to it yet.
 
Vincenti:  This is a sh!tty horror story I wrote for a horror contest I came nowhere near winning.  
I wrote and "edited" this in about three hours, as I found the contest and was bored so I decided to enter, 
only I was three hours from the deadline.  In that respect it's not horrible, but in any other it's far from good.
 
the phone talks to me:  This is an early draft of that story about the phone talking to me (in case you didn't 
get that from the title).  I have later versions, but damn if I can find them.  This is pretty much the rough 
draft after my first time just writing it out.  It kind of took over itself and became very dark, I had meant 
it to be a light, funny story about a drunken guy talking to the LCD display on a payphone.
 
Far From Chronological:  a writing exercise from the same class that I wrote Mr. C------- for.  I was 
supposed to use the underlined words in a story, and we had ten minutes to write it.  Chronological was one 
of my words, hence the awkward title.
 
Warm Apple Pie:  The parts from Far From Chronological that I actually liked, pulled out and into a more easy 
to read story.  At least I thought so. I never really polished it off, like many of my stories, so it sits in 
this limbo state of almost being.
 
More to come...